Damn fleas.
"Depress tab to activate,
then immediately leave area."
- Did you set it off?
- Yeah.
OK. Let's do the other two
and leave before they eat us alive.
That's the plan.
Hold your breath. Ready? On three.
One, two, three.
- That was close.
- Thanks for bringing the bombs.
No problem. Stay out of there
for a couple hours.
Yeah, I'll stay right here with my little fella.
Oh, actually,
I gotta bounce. I'm meeting Logan at Crash.
I wish you could come. You know that.
Tomorrow maybe I'll get some
time off from work and hang.
- OK.
- I got some flea powder.
Douse yourself or you'll be
right back where you started.
OK? Good night.
OK. Night.
This seat taken?
- Oh, hey.
- Sorry I'm late. I had to stop by Joshua's.
- Whatcha doing?
- Trying to piece a couple of things together.
That's cool, but... here?
Yeah. No one's looking.
Can I see the cut on your hand
for a second? Come on.
It's fading fast. So all of
White's cult pals have one?
Yep. Right here.
I saw it when they saluted their
holy snake god, or whatever it was.
Looks like a modified version of
a caduceus. Symbol of medicine.
You know what? All work and no play
makes Logan a dull, dull boy.
I'll talk to you later, OK?
- Hey.
- Hi.
- Long time no see.
- I guess so.
- You avoiding me?
- No.
But I gotta say that I'm really glad
nothing happened that night.
- Yeah, me too.
- Probably works for days, huh?
Your whole "time is short, gotta put your
heart on the line, baby I want you" speech.
Look. You don't want to get involved with me.
I was made in a lab. I spent my formative
years learning the fine art of assassination.
There are guys out there looking to kill me,
and someday they'll probably succeed.
Spare me the drama. You're just too scared
to let go and actually care about somebody.
Right, because the last time I let go,
someone got caught in the crossfire and died.
- I'm sorry. I didn't...
- Do yourself a favour, Asha. Leave me alone.
Alec.
Beat it.
Can I get another beer?
So, what'd you do now?
Why am I always the bad guy with you, Max?
Whatever. You wanna blow
your shot with her, be my guest.
I could be this charming, sweet guy
and score myself a really nice girlfriend.
But, unlike you, I'm trying
to do the right thing.
What is that supposed to mean?
You think your only problem is an engineered
virus that'll kill Logan if you touch him?
- Yeah, that takes the front seat.
- Max, we don't belong with them.
We're a danger to them.
- When will you see that?
- Me and Logan are none of your business.
- Why don't you just open your eyes...
- Hey, guys. What's goin' on?
- Nothing.
- Yeah, right. Nothing.
Max.
I'm beat. I'm gonna... I'm gonna go.
- What was that all about?
- Nothing. I'm just tired.
Max.
Max?
You OK?
How's he doing?
Don't let him die, please.
From what I can tell, the virus is a mutated
strain of a bio-warfare agent called Zycinor.
There's no known cure.
Manticore made us immune to
a bunch of germ-warfare bugs.
I'm pretty sure this is one of them.
That'd explain how you could be a carrier
and not be affected. You've got antibodies.
- What about a transfusion?
- You'd reinfect him.
No, not my blood. Another transgenic.
It's worth a try. We've got nothing to lose.
- Yeah?
- I need you to come to the hospital now.
You got it, Max. I'll be there soon as I can.
He's coming. Get ready.
Don't even think it. You're under arrest.
They designed her to be
the perfect soldier, a human weapon.
Then she escaped.
In a future not far from now,
in a broken world,
she is haunted by her past.
She cannot run.
She must fight to discover her destiny.
So, I hear you're feeling better.
I'm working hard, doing what the men tell me.
Doing a good job.
It's OK. I'm not gonna hurt you, Mule.
You cut me. Put the snake blood in me
and said it would kill me.
- You didn't tell anybody about that, did you?
- You told me not to.
Good. I figured you were a solid guy.
Sorry I had to do that to you,
but it was the only way.
Sort of like a test. You know?
But don't worry. You passed.
Remember, though,
that is between you and me.
To do this, your friend better get here soon.
He will. He knows how serious this is. He's...
a completely unreliable jerk.
Is there anybody else you can get?
Cos this is the only shot Logan has.
I'll be back.
Is someone there?
Are you hurt?
No, I'm not hurt.
Billie's never done this before.
She just pulled me up these steps.
Guess she just likes you.
She helps you?
She leads me around. Makes sure I'm safe.
- Makes sure you don't bump into things.
- I guess so.
Good Billie. Good Billie.
I'm Annie. Annie Fisher. I live up the street.
I'm Joshua. I'm from...
not here. Not here. I'm visiting.
- Oh, from where?
- Manti... Coro.
- Mantia Coro?
- In France.
- Your English is very good.
- Merci beaucoup.
Well, we should probably be going.
Come on, Billie. Come on.
- It's nice to meet you, Joshua.
- Nice to meet you, Annie.
Joshua! I need your help!
Hey. I came as soon as I heard.
- Hi, Original Cindy.
- That doggie-dog under there?
Did you find someone?
He has a little canine DNA.
Right. Well, OK, so long
as he's got the antibodies.
Be right back.
Logan will get better now.
We're ready when you are, Mrs Ryan.
Bring 'em in.
Him. He's the one.
- I gotta be somewhere, pal. Can I go now?
- You've been ID'd.
- For what?
- The murder of Timothy Ryan.
He's gonna be all right. You'll see.
He's a fighter. He's gonna hang on.
The antibodies in your friend's blood are
neutralising the virus. He's gonna make it.
You hear that? He's gonna be OK.
He asked to see you.
- I can't go in there.
- He's asking for you.
I can't see him. Not now.
- Not ever again.
- You're just saying that cos you're upset.
You heard the lady. He's gonna be fine.
This time. But what about next time?
No, this has to stop.
Tell him I'm glad he's OK.
Alec!
Any of you reprobates seen Alec?
Isn't here, doesn't call, thinks only
of himself, always hurts the one...
- Hey, crustacean. You seen Golden Boy?
- No.
Let's go, people. Mission bell's a-ringing.
Let's go! Hear it? Bip-bip-bip!
Logan asked where you were.
I didn't know what to say.
It's OK. It's not your problem.
Is that him?
If you're serious about this,
you owe him an explanation.
- Hi, stranger.
- Hi.
You missed it.
I wandered all over the hospital looking
for you with the back of my gown open.
- Yeah, sorry about that. Listen...
- I'm feeling pretty good, actually.
- Must be all that transgenic blood.
- We need to talk.
I pulled out an old board I had
and put up all the doodlings
I made at the bar the other night.
It's kind of my wide-screen version,
you know?
- Logan...
- Don't, Max.
I can't do this any more.
Look, I'm fine. Everything turned out OK.
We got lucky. Again. How many miracles
do you think we're gonna get?
Do I get a vote? It is my life on the line.
So what, you end up dead and I get to spend
the rest of my life knowing it's my fault?
I pass.
I've been where you are, remember?
Thinking it was all too hard.
But I realised being away
from you was worse.
- I have to hang up now.
- Max.
- Fe'nos tol.
I tested the transgenic. Damn thing
got sick, but it pulled through.
- That girl's survival wasn’t just a fluke?
- Afraid not. Something's different about 452.
- She never exhibited any symptoms.
- What should I tell the Conclave?
It's possible that Sandeman made
the Manticore transgenics immune.
This changes everything.
It's time to make a move.
- Joshua?
- Annie.
It's funny, we were walking past
and Billie veered up your steps again.
- She really likes you.
- I like her, too.
She's usually a really good
judge of character.
I hope you don't think I'm being forward,
but I wanted to invite you to dinner.
- Are you there?
- Yeah, I'm here.
I thought, with you
being new in town and all...
That's OK. You're probably really busy.
- I'd love to.
- What?
- Love to have dinner.
- Great.
- I live down the street, across from...
- No, here.
Because... I love to cook.
- You like macaroni and cheese?
- It's my favourite.
- Is that turpentine?
- Yes. I paint.
- You're a painter?
- Yes.
Wow, a painter from Mantia Coro.
Right here on my little street.
- I'll see you around seven, OK?
- OK.
So you did it.
- It's over.
- Yeah. It's over.
- Ladies. You hear what happened to Alec?
- Don't care.
- He's in jail.
- Whatever.
Hummer, the bartender from last night,
saw him get pinched right outside of here.
Kind of makes you wonder what he did, huh?
Not really.
- You won't go help him?
- I got my own problems.
Alec can take care of himself.
Now, you know you gotta
come correct on this.
Suppose they tip to his bar code.
Exposure, the whole thing.
Bad for Alec, bad for you,
bad for Joshua, bad for everybody.
Not like saving his butt
isn't already my full-time job.
Thanks for the beer.
Whitney Mann, Public Defender's Office.
I'll be handling your case.
Pleasure.
If you need anything, I'm right outside.
- You got five minutes.
- Thank you.
- Max, I'm sorry. I was on my way...
- Shut up.
I came to bail your sorry ass out. I figured
you got grabbed for one of your scams.
- But the officer said you killed somebody.
- I didn't do it.
You got ID'd. There's a perfect DNA match.
- I'm telling you...
- Don't tell me anything.
I'm sorry I let you out of Manticore
and inflicted you on the world.
Screw exposure. I'm leaving you here
for White to deal with.
- Max, I swear, I'm innocent.
- Tell that to Ames. And give him my regards.
You think I could
murder someone in cold blood?
Yes, I think you could.
The guy's teeth were pulled
from his head, for God's sake.
Ben.
- Ben, why are you doing this?
- You know why.
Come on, Max.
There's no way it was me. That guy was
killed over a year ago. I was at Manticore.
Time's up.
Max, what made you think I didn't do it?
I'm just curious. Was it my eyes?
Some people say I have sincere eyes.
Quiet. Here.
Was it the teeth thing?
I can hardly stand going to the dentist.
- Shut up, OK?
- Why are you taking this so personally?
- Because it was Ben.
- Ben, my Manticore twin Ben?
He killed Timothy Ryan and
ten other people. Same MO.
Oh. They told me back at Manticore
that he'd gone nuts, but... a serial killer?
One more word and
I shove you off this ledge.
- Max, tell me you've got a plan.
- Hang on.
What are you doing? No.
What's going on?
This was your plan?
Jump!
I should've stayed where I was
and taken my chances.
Come on!
The thing that's got me worried is,
I can't exactly use
"Well, I was locked up in a secret
government facility" as my alibi.
- Guess not.
- You know.
Maybe Logan could pull one of his little...
Oh, my God. Logan. Is he all right?
- He's fine. Joshua came through.
- Oh, good.
Logan could use a little
canine plasma to loosen him up.
Just kidding, Max. You know I love Logan.
I mean, not the way you love him. It's just...
He's OK, right?
So what's the problem?
- I'm not gonna see him any more.
- Any more this week?
Ever.
I can't risk it. And I don't
wanna hear an "I told you so."
I wasn't going to.
Coffee?
Yeah, sure.
Listen, since we're already
knee-deep in painful subjects,
tell me about him. About Ben.
When we were kids back at Manticore,
he always wanted answers for everything.
Why we were there, what was outside.
So he would make up these
fantastic stories to explain things.
Somehow it made us feel...
Loved.
Like we weren't all alone.
Sounds like a nice kid. What went wrong?
After we escaped,
there were too many things in this world
he didn't have answers for.
We never should've left.
Everything made sense then.
I don't know. He just...
Lost it.
Hey, you OK?
I'm fine.
Max, what is it?
We were in the woods.
He was hurt,
and Manticore was closing in on us.
- He didn't wanna go back there.
- Reindoctrination.
Or worse.
I killed him.
He asked me to, so I did.
And then I ran.
I saved myself.
And I just left his body there
for them to take away.
Max, I'm sorry.
There was an outbreak of measles
after the Pulse hit.
The only place to get medicine was the black
market. My parents didn't have the money.
I almost didn't pull through.
When it was over, I couldn't see any more.
But you have Billie.
She's a good friend.
But I still remember
what some things look like.
Colours. My mother's smile.
You're not like most people, are you?
What I mean is, sometimes
people feel sorry for me.
I can hear it in their voices. I guess
it's cos I can't do everything they do.
You can go out. And you can talk to people.
You could go to Crash and party and dance.
- I know, but...
- You should do that.
Maybe you could come with me.
Maybe.
I wish I could see your paintings.
I'm so curious.
I bet they'd tell me
everything there is to know about you.
Blue, like the sky.
And this is green, like your eyes.
It's beautiful, Joshua.
- Thank you.
- No. Thank you.
Guess what, Mule.
You're gettin' out of here.
Lay low until we get this whole
mistaken-identity thing sorted out.
Maybe I'll crash at Joshua's.
Think he'll mind?
Are you kidding? He'll love it.
Thanks for saving my butt - again.
Must be hard, having me around.
A guy with Ben's face making you think
about things you'd rather forget.
Yeah. That's probably why
I'm such a bitch to you sometimes.
Maybe.
Or, you know, maybe it's because
I'm such a pain in the ass sometimes.
- Be careful.
- Always.
Josh!
Where you at, pal? Josh?
Josh, you around?
Hey, roomie.
- Roomie?
- Yeah.
I need to hang out for a little while
till the heat's off my place.
It turns out my dead twin brother
was a psycho killer.
Go figure.
Where's your TV?
No TV.
Book. You can read?
Are we livin' in the Dark Ages?
Come on, pal. I need my boob tube.
The hot medium. The vast wasteland.
Look, sorry. You know what?
I think I know where I can score one.
What you got there? A new work?
Joshua number 320?
Annie.
Annie?
Who exactly is Annie?
A girl who lives down the street.
- Listen, Josh.
- Alec, she can't see.
No running, no screaming. It's OK.
Oh boy. We need to have
a little talk about Annie.
I don't want to have a little talk.
I know I have to lay low.
I'm tired of laying low, Alec.
Mule?
You see that fence? All you have to do
is get over it and you'll be safe.
- OK.
- But watch out for enemy soldiers.
Cos if they see you, they will try and kill you.
They'll be wearing helmets, carrying guns,
and they'll have badges
that say "Sector Police".
- Sector Police.
- That's right.
Good luck.
Thank you... for everything.
Man, that's a freak.
You have violated checkpoint security.
Stay where you are.
Freeze!
- On your knees, freak.
- On the ground, now!
Down! Now!
Alec, the boob tube is too loud.
That's the only way to enjoy it.
Come over and have a look.
- Tricks and treats.
- Welcome to the world of attention deficit.
This is a Channel Three news break.
A hoverdrone recorded this shocking footage.
Authorities refuse to comment
on the nature of the assailant.
But, as you can see, the attacker has what can
only be described as superhuman strength.
- This is bad.
...described by witnesses as a mutant...
This is so very bad.
He's believed to have escaped from a covert
government project known as Manticore.
Authorities deny all knowledge of Manticore...
That's the thing I saw in the sewer last week.
Whoa, Nellie. Look at that sucker.
One officer was seriously injured before
others opened fire. Eyewitnesses claimed...
Max.
- Lay low, Alec.
- Lay low? Is that all you have to say to me?
- Joshua? It's me, Annie.
- Send her away.
You can't be with her now.
You see that. You see what's going on.
- Alec, she's...
- Send her away.
Before she falls in love with you
or wants you to meet her family.
Before you get yourself killed,
before you get her killed.
Send her away.
Billie and I were gonna walk to the store.
Thought maybe you'd like to come.
- Annie...
- What's wrong?
- The news.
- What news?
News from back home. I have to go.
- When?
- Today.
- I'll miss you.
- I'll miss you, too.
Goodbye, Annie.
Joshua!
Can you do something for me?
I just... I want to remember you.
You can see it right there, the bar code.
Unconfirmed reports suggest
these tattoos were used
to keep track of the various soldiers
involved in the programme.
The mutant's body was rushed away
based on officials' concerns
regarding a potential biohazard.
- Thanks for ringin' back.
- You've seen the news?
Yeah, but that's not why I'm calling.
I need you to get over here.
I know you're sad, but you did the right thing.
Remember we talked about how we're not like
other people and we need to stick together?
Right now that's more important than ever.
Annie's not like other people.
She's different.
But she's not like us either.
When you care about someone, you have to
do what's best for them, even if it hurts.
Love sucks.
Joshua, where did you get this?
Father gave it to me.
- Hi there.
- The lights were out.
- I didn't know you were home.
- If you did, you wouldn't have come, huh?
I found this around Joshua's neck.
He said Father gave it to him.
It's the same symbol the breeding cult uses.
So Sandeman is one of White's
cult loonies, huh? Whoo-hoo!
There's a connection between
the breeding cult and Manticore.
Maybe I ought to do an Eyes Only hack, huh?
I mean, it's a big news day,
in case you hadn't noticed.
I tried paging you. Wanted to talk
to you but... I guess you were busy.
I'm going. I just thought you wanted to know.
- Cut it out.
- I could keep you here all night.
- Come on, Logan.
- At least till I drop dead.
- I've said everything I needed to say.
- I don't think so.
- I think there's something else.
- Logan.
- Or is it someone else?
- What?
I needed to talk to you,
so I came by your apartment.
And I saw him leaving.
I mean, if I've got it wrong, just say so.
Tell me it's not true.
I can't.
It's over. We're done.
Get used to it.
Hey, Max. Thought I'd find you here.
I come here to be alone.
I know. But, after what went down today,
I figured we could both
use a friend right now.
Sit down.
So, you got any deep thoughts
you want to share?
Any profound realisations about life?
Yeah.
Love sucks.
Visiontext Subtitles: Karin Baker
ENGLISH